Tech 4434 add appraisal support (#65)
Invoca/exception_handling: CHANGELOG.md

Note: this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [2.4.2] - Unreleased
### Added

> - Added official support for rails versions 4, 5, and 6

Reviewer: How about
```suggestion
- Added support for rails 5 and 6.
- Added appraisal tests for all supported rails versions: 4/5/6.
```

Author: Sounds great! done.
